agam_e
yuvli027

File Description:
CodeChecker- This class is the actual code checker of the program, it gets a file and runs different checks
on it to see if the code is legal or not.
Sjavac- This class has the main method that runs the entire program.
Var- This class is the Var class, which we needed in order to check ad create the variables in our hashmap.
Exceptions //TODO finish this
Tests-
Test1- Check if we accept  declaration of multiple variable of the same type and assignment of their values.
Test2- Check if we can set a variable with value to a new value based on a different variable of the same type.
Test3- Check if we can deal with weird spaces in the middle of the line
Test4- Check to see that a multiple line comment is not legal
Test5- Check to see if basic methods work
Test6- Check to see if basic methods work with getting int as a double
Test7- Check to see if basic methods work with wrong number of parameters
Test8- Check to see if basic methods work with wrong number of parameters
Test9- Check to see if basic methods work with wrong parameters
Test10- Check different function
Test11- Check to see if basic methods work with wrong parameters
Test12- Check to see if basic methods work with no tubs
Test13- Check if we deal properly with final variables
Test14- Check if we can get en empty char as an assignment
Test15- Check if we can get a positive value (with +) for an assignment value of an int
Test16- Check if we can send variables to functions
Test17- Check to see if a line missing ; is legal
Test18- Check if we accept an int instead of double for parameter
Test19- Check if we can accept a final variable as a parameter that doesn't require a final variable
Test20- Check if we can accept a variable as a parameter that requires a final variable

Design- We created the class Var in order to add all the variables initiated in the file's code. The class CodeChecker
gets the file, and holds a HashMap with the scope, and a HashMap with the variables of type Var in the scope.
We also have a HashMap of functions that hold the name of the method and list of parameters we need to get.
We has some issues with the global variables, so we created a method that runs through the file and first
adds all the global variables to the list, then we went through the rest of the program. We also had a problem with
methods that were called before they were declared, so, similar to how we solved the issue with the global variables,
we went through the file and created the functions after initiating the global variables, then went through the rest
of the checks as expected. We have a bunch of Exception class so we can raise specific Exceptions and catch them as
needed.

Implementation Issues: We created a class for the variable, and thought about creating one for method and scopes as
well, but in the end decided against it, as it seemed to overcomplicate our code too much, and instead checked our
code line by line. We decided the simplest way to do this would be create an array of lines from the files and run over
them line by line and check each line if it's legal, and if not then throw an exception that explains the issue.

6.1- We created a bunch of different Exception classes in order to have a specific exception to print out in cases of
errors. We did this so it will be easier to understand the problem in the file and debug the code there if needed to.

6.2- If we want to support different return types of functions, then all we need to do is instead of check for
void to define a function, check for all possible return values, and then check if it's a legal function.
If we wanted to support classes, we could just look at them as big functions, and check that the line does start with
the keyword class. Furthermore, we would check to see the class contains a constructor (we would add it as a function)
then when creating instances of the class, we would look to see the constructors match. We would also change the HashMap
of the functions to have an index of class, and then the HashMap we currently have, and save the functions of the
class in the proper key.

6.3- We have some regex expressions for checking the variables declarations and instantiations. For example, when we
declare an int variable, we look to see the type is int, then for a legal name, and legal value in case of assignment
of values. This is the same for all the variable types we support. We also check for comments or empty lines when
creating the array of line, and if this is a legal comment, then we delete the line, as we don't need it.